Add `osu!mania 4K World Cup 2024 Concludes` news post (#12287)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes.md

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes/avatar-RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

Tell us a bit about yourself. What does being the head SV mappooler entail? What considerations does it come with as opposed to pooling for other skillsets?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes/avatar-Paturages.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479">Paturages</a></p>

SV pooling is completely different from the rest of picks. It is nigh impossible to balance the difficulty between one and the other. Moreover, SV as a skill set requires a level of knowledge not found in other picks. Therefore, it usually ends up being an insular task confined to those with the experience to handle it.

> There is so much more than meets the eye, and two categories alone do not encompass the nuances of the skill set. More importantly, each SV pick should feel unique. Each pick is heavily nuanced by the mappers, and their outputs can wildly be different. And while this makes it harder to balance, it also makes it fun and interesting!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is so much more than meets the eye, and two categories alone do not encompass the nuances of the skill set. More importantly, each SV pick should feel unique. Each pick is heavily nuanced by the mappers, and their outputs can be wildly different. And while this makes it harder to balance, it also makes it fun and interesting!
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes/avatar-RandomeLoL.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-nat" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7080063">RandomeLoL</a></p>

Despite being considered a niche skill by many players, SV still gets to shine as a category in MWC. From a pooler's perspective, what are the primary reasons for the decision to include SV in the world cups?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes/avatar-Paturages.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479">Paturages</a></p>

> SV has historically always been talked about in world cups, whether in good or in bad light. Regardless how they're perceived, these picks offer unique experiences to players, mappers, and spectators alike. Players can spotlight their SV skills, mappers can showcase themselves and their work, and spectators get to see the flashiness of the picks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SV has historically always been talked about in world cups, whether in good or in bad light. Regardless of how they're perceived, these picks offer unique experiences to players, mappers, and spectators alike. Players can spotlight their SV skills, mappers can showcase themselves and their work, and spectators get to see the flashiness of the picks.
```

Even users from other modes can appreciate the uniqueness of SVs! From a pooler's perspective, this enables all the aforementioned groups to enjoy SV picks at their own pace. Players should have fun on our pools, and SV is one of the tools available to us to enable that.

</div>

---

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes/Supa7onyz-banner.png)

> Supa7onyz (also known as [[GB]Azukisan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5378805)) is both a featured artist *and* a fellow community member. They debuted on the world cup stage this year with their brand new osu! original, [*Les Cadences Magiques*](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238686#mania/4757070).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supa7onyz (also known as [[GB]Azukisan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5378805) here on osu!) is both a Featured Artist *and* a fellow community member. They debuted on the world cup stage this year with their brand-new osu! original, [Les Cadences Magiques](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2238686#mania/4757070).
```

Taking into consideration that this is the United States second world cup victory in a row this year (winning the osu!catch world cup in June), and that the osu! team is notoriously strong with 6 consecutive titles under their belt, will the community bear witness to a world cup Championship hat-trick?

## Mappool showcase

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

[**Download the pool here! (199 MB)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P262)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2257700954&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

At last, we've reached the end. This is the hardest the pools will get, and it clearly shows, with a great example being [Mare Nectaris (Camellia's "Ingenii" Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253779#mania/4793983) by [0DZ0](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/28156707) (RC7). Containing over four whole minutes of pure rice, it has just about all patterns you could imagine seeing in a chart of this length. In other words, it's a rice tiebreaker.

> The remaining two examples can be shown by the [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) this pool gave us, which you can listen to in the osu! originals recap, or by [clicking this link](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes#grand-finals) to direct you to that portion of the news post.

Reviewer: this works

```suggestion
The remaining two examples can be shown by the [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals) this pool gave us, which you can listen to in the osu! originals recap, or by [clicking this link](#grand-finals) to direct you to that portion of the news post.
```

> [Ashrount](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/352) has been known for their tracks in other rhythm games, and this time they're bringing us an incredible track for the HB1 slot, [GALVANIZER](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253764#mania/4793954) mapped by [guden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11626065)! As expected of the slot, it's fairly straightforward with 1/4 snaps, but that's not to say it's straightforward to play, as 288BPM is really pushing the limits for what's doable. Doubt it? Give it a try yourself!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ashrount](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/352) has been known for their tracks in other rhythm games, and this time they're bringing us an incredible track for the HB1 slot, [GALVANIZER](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253764#mania/4793954) mapped by [guden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11626065)! As expected of the slot, it's fairly straightforward with 1/4 snaps, but that's not to say it's straightforward to play, as 288BPM is really pushing the limits for what's doable. Doubt it? Give it a try yourself!
```

To wrap up all mappools, where would we be without the Grand Finals tiebreaker? [kanemiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/367), [Kyutatsuki](https://twitter.com/Kyutatsuki) and [Aoi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/183) bring us our final chart, [Fractal Vertex](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253784#mania/4793996), mapped by [-mint-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576), [Toaph Daddy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7616811), [elexire](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9206093), [guden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11626065), and [MyZterioN-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8521723)!

> While it might be slightly easier than last year's tiebreaker, that's not to say it is without a doubt the hardest thing in the pool. In typical tiebreaker fashion, it goes through a ton of patterns, relentlessly throwing more and more at you despite how much you'd want a short break. Even if this is out of your skill range, it's heavily recommended to at least give it a look and appreciate the design team that worked hard to make this happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it might be slightly easier than last year's tiebreaker, that's not to say it is without a doubt the hardest thing in the pool. In typical tiebreaker fashion, it goes through a ton of patterns, relentlessly throwing more and more at you despite how much you'd want a short break. Even if this is out of your skill range, we heavily recommend to at least give it a look and appreciate the work of the designers who toiled away to make this happen.
```

## Grand Finals recap

### ::{ flag=US }:: United States vs. ::{ flag=CN }:: China

[**You can view the match information here!**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/115677433)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2263460006&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

> After **61** matches and **30** eliminated teams, we have finally reached the final match of the tournament, United States vs China. The United States has had an insane run in the tournament, only losing one point out of the entire tournament before this match, and they are currently defending their osu!mania 4K Champion title after winning last year's World Cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After **61** matches and **30** eliminated teams, we have finally reached the final match of the tournament, United States vs. China. The United States had an insane run in the tournament, only losing one point out of the entire tournament before this match, and they are currently defending their osu!mania 4K Champion title after winning last year's World Cup.
```

> China on the other hand has had an incredible losers bracket run with getting knocked into the losers bracket in the Round of 16, and winning every single match until this point. They are currently the lowest seeded (#8) teams we've ever seen enter the grand finals match out of any World Cup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
China on the other hand has had an incredible losers' bracket run after getting knocked down in the Round of 16, and winning every single match until this point. They were the lowest-seeded team (#8) we've ever seen enter the Grand Finals match out of any World Cup.
```

> - [Gram - Nibelungen](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253774#mania/4793971) ([MyZterioN-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8521723) and [Hylotl](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18270260), LN2) @ [5:02](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h05m02s) - China opens the match by picking their protect, LN2, a dense 8.2* monster of a chart, the highest star rated map in the pool. A relentless barrage of dense long notes demands perfection, and China's LN expertise is nearly unmatched. However, they underestimated the raw power of the United States. With ::{ flag=US }:: [Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610)'s jaw-dropping 992k FC and ::{ flag=US }:: [Hello_Son](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17308009) following closely with a 987k score, the United States defied all expectations. This impressive display led to a stunning breakpoint for the United States, setting the stage for the rest of the match.
> - [DJ TECHNORCH - Digital Kecak No.5 (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253780#mania/4793984) ([-mint-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576), LN4) @ [16:24](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h16m24s) - China, down 2–0, turned to LN4, a map that forces you to triumph over mountainous difficulties with its relentless awkward and high BPM shields, as well as demanding consistency in all skills with its release intensive section. It looked like the United States was about to take another point, but the tides turned in a flash. A devastating series of combo breaks swept through the United States side, giving China the break they needed to stay alive. With ::{ flag=CN }:: [\[GB\]ParasolTree](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27552902) delivering a flawless 977k FC, China clawed their way back, reigniting hope and keeping their dreams alive.
> - [Billain feat. Malux - Extraction (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253769#mania/4793962) ([\[Crz\]FolAH1217](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6232458), [Alptraum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26496648), [Abraxos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5025064), HB3) @ [27:39](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h27m39s) - Looking to catch the United States off guard, China picked HB3, a technical challenge with brutal staircase sections and extreme amounts of LN. The United States responded with shocking precision, ::{ flag=US }:: [Hello_Son](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17308009)'s monstrous 991k FC with only 3x200s alongside ::{ flag=US }:: [Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610)'s solid 981k left team China stunned. The momentum had shifted once more, as the United States held a commanding 4–1 lead.
> - [Ashrount - GALVANIZER](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253764#mania/4793954) ([guden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11626065), HB1) @ [33:42](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h33m42s) - Riding their momentum, the United States opted for HB1, a brutal *7.27*\* 288 BPM hybrid map that has technical stream sections with jacks sprinkled in the mix in an attempt to break combos. Players on both sides fought hard, but none more so than ::{ flag=US }:: [Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610), who delivered a spectacular near-perfect score with only a single 200 hit. The rest of the competition couldn't keep up, and the United States moved closer to securing the victory.
> - [sakuraburst - Glacierfall (Park Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253778#mania/4793979) ([awdse22](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8743513), SV1) @ [45:17](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h45m17s) - With the score at 6–1, the United States held match point and chose to close out in style on SV1, a memorization-heavy map that can't be conquered with sight-reading as it contains vicious speed variations controlled by BPM changes. ::{ flag=US }:: [Reshiram](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7794488) took the spotlight, delivering a near-flawless performance with only one 200 hit. And soon then, the tournament was officially over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DJ TECHNORCH - Digital Kecak No.5 (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253780#mania/4793984) ([-mint-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576), LN4) @ [16:24](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h16m24s) - China, down 2–0, turned to LN4, a map that forces you to triumph over relentless awkward and high BPM shields, as well as demanding consistency in all skills with a release-intensive section. It looked like the United States was about to take another point, but the tides turned in a flash.
- [Billain feat. Malux - Extraction (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253769#mania/4793962) ([\[Crz\]FolAH1217](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6232458), [Alptraum](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26496648), [Abraxos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5025064), HB3) @ [27:39](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h27m39s) - Looking to catch the United States off guard, China picked HB3, a technical challenge with brutal staircase sections and extreme amounts of LN. The United States responded with shocking precision, ::{ flag=US }:: [Hello_Son](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17308009)'s monstrous 991k FC with only 3x200s alongside ::{ flag=US }:: [Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610)'s solid 981k left team China stunned, shifting the match's momentum.
- [Ashrount - GALVANIZER](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253764#mania/4793954) ([guden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11626065), HB1) @ [33:42](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h33m42s) - Riding their momentum, the United States opted for HB1, a brutal *7.27*\* 288 BPM hybrid map that has technical stream sections with jacks sprinkled in the mix in an attempt to break combos. Players on both sides fought hard, but none more so than ::{ flag=US }:: [Nepijin](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11734610), who delivered a spectacular near-perfect score with only a single 200 hit.
- [sakuraburst - Glacierfall (Park Remix)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2253778#mania/4793979) ([awdse22](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8743513), SV1) @ [45:17](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2263460006?t=00h45m17s) - With the score at 6–1, the United States held match point and chose to close out in style on SV1, a memorisation-heavy map where sight-readers would are hit with vicious speed variations controlled by BPM changes. ::{ flag=US }:: [Reshiram](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7794488) took the spotlight, delivering a near-flawless performance with only one 200 hit. And soon then, the tournament was officially over.
```

With that match, the United States has won the World Cup again making it their first ever back to back win in osu!mania 4K World Cup history. While China played incredible this year with an insane losers bracket run that any team would dream about, sadly they were unable to take down the United States' insane super team. Now that is a legendary World Cup ending if we've ever seen one.

![](/wiki/Tournaments/MWC/2024_4K/img/mwc4k2024-podium.jpg)

## Match highlights

> "Help, I've woken up from a 3-month-long coma and missed the entire osu!mania 4K World Cup!", someone might be saying... maybe. Well worry not, below you will find a compilation of every single match that has been highlighted this year, along with very convenient VOD and text summary links.

Reviewer: subjectively a bit over the top

```suggestion
If you've just awakened from a 3-month-long coma and missed the entire osu!mania 4K World Cup, worry not. Below you will find a compilation of every single match that has been highlighted this year, along with very convenient VOD and text summary links.
```

Author: yea im crazy for that one

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17699745" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes/avatar-_Kiruru.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17699745">_Kiruru</a></p>

I don't think we had any special strategy because the Thailand team heavily relies on our main players such as [konkawe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15665805) and [--Pavin--](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12046267), but if I have to say what made us come this far, it would have to be how much effort we put into practising to keep improving throughout the entire tournament.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11354436" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-09-30-the-followpoint-d-i-o-the-charismatic-caster/avatar-Utiba.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11354436">Utiba</a></p>

> Your match against South Korea was completely unexpected with your team winning 7–1. What were your thoughts going through the match and coming out on top?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your [match against South Korea](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2251727183) was completely unexpected with your team winning 7–1. What were your thoughts going through the match and coming out on top?
```
